Document new opt-out server toggles (#83)
neo4j/docs-ops-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/update/server.adoc

[[server-version-notes]]
== Version specific notes

=== 1.5

> This version introduces multi-user capabilities. As part of this move, the product analytics and crash analytics opt-out toggles have moved to a global setting accessible only by the NOM server admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version introduces multi-user capabilities. 
As a result, the product analytics and crash analytics opt-out toggles have moved to a global setting accessible only by the NOM server admin.
```
